smaleson_eysu

Your name, your teammate's name, and the assignment number.

Shayna Maleson, Ellen Su, A3

A paragraph describing your contribution, and another paragraph describing your teammate's contribution.
Please be thorough; we're looking for two substantial paragraphs, not a sentence or two.

Shayna:

I worked on the registrarapp program, writing the Flask endpoints and designing and implementing
the URL parameters. I used I did most of the Flask programming and feel very comfortable with using
Flask now. I used reg_db.py and regdetails_db.py from our previous assignments to perform the
searches. I also covered error handling (exception catching, error messages, etc) and contributed to
the details and errorpage html files using the Jinja template format.

Ellen:
I contributed to the html pages, focusing on matching reference formatting and other details. I
also helped to debug and talk through the registrarapp program. Most of my time was spent
researching html, learning to use its different features and repeatedly testing our pages
to ensure perfect format.


A description of whatever help (if any) you received from other people while doing the assignment,
as prescribed by the course Policies web page.

N/A

A description of the sources of information that you used while doing the assignment.

Lecture slides, handouts (PennyFlaskJinja example code in particular), stack overflow, html
documentation.

An indication of how much time you spent doing the assignment.
5 hours

Your assessment of the assignment: Did it help you to learn? What did it help you to learn?
Do you have any suggestions for improvement? Etc.

This assignment was very interesting and effective at teaching us the basics of web programming
and working with Flask. It was also fun to begin working on front end programming.

(Optionally) Any information that will help us to grade your work in the most favorable light.
In particular you must describe all known bugs.
Our only issue is with the formatting/html of the search boxes - when we run our program on our locals,
it appears exactly the same as the reference solution. However, when we run the server on courselab
and access the website through firefox on the other courselab, the formatting of these elements is
slightly off. Any changes we would make to the HTML would mess up the local formatting, so we
decided to keep it as is.